Episode 1
Sir, I've reached the place you promised.
So this is the place called Kannonmai?
Yes, sir.
Oh, it's the left side.
It's a little bit far.
It seems that the area is like a beach.
Yes, sir. If you look at it during the day, you can see the number of bubbles.
Sir, please do the dachi.
That's right. Wait a moment.
Now, use this.
Thank you.
Sir, please take it.
Is this the west side?
Yes, sir.
I've decided to use 600 coins, but I've already used them all.
Take it.
I thought I'd get some money from the west side.
But I'm not going to play at night and I won't buy a basket.
I'll give it to you when you want it.
How much do you want?
I won't say how much.
I have a lot of things.
Don't be shy.
Come on.
Now, we're going to catch something.
What?
What is it?
Ouch!
You're going to kill me!
What are you doing?
Wait a minute.
I said wait a minute.
It's okay.
Mr. Sakurai, they said something terrible.
Please understand.
So, what are you going to do?
We're going to the Edo-Mote.
Is there still a long way to go?
It's not far from the Edo-Mote.
Please drink a little.
I'm sorry, but I don't smoke.
What?
You don't smoke?
I don't smoke at the festival.
Please drink.
Don't be embarrassed.
I thought you didn't smoke.
It's mine.
Wait a minute.
If you're a man,
what do you say?
You should be proud.
Why?
It's a white party.
Let's go.
The End